what's with the jeans speaking of badass
motherfuckers and shit like that stuff
like that
oh these are crazy looks our good friend
crazy looks who I think is open to
working out with me if I go to San Jose
he is a freestyle rap here in Spanish is
that correct it's in Spanish so that's
kind of my forte sounds I haven't heard
it yet you want to hear it
music it is hola es you ever seen
somebody speaking tongues before like in
a church when they heal them and that's
basically what's going it's like mama
say mama sign my mind coos it's
basically that gibberish French
gibberish with with like a word in
Spanish in every sentences yeah mostly
because I'm not I don't speak Spanish
like you do fluently I don't but I I
know enough like la Spanish together I
don't understand what the fuck this guy
song he's Filipino so he knows how to
pronounce the word column and yeah and
there's Spanish words anyway delicious
his crew there is enjoying him right now
laughing they're laughing at him
it's a lot of time it's hard it's hard
yeah there's a lot of shitty music on
this show today yeah yeah